Children learning
learn causal relations
- children can understand cond prob better
  (e.g. which objects trigger an event)
human learn priors, then more difficult to overwrite.
Children hypothesis sampling - high temperature search

--
The Role of Orbitofrontal Cortex in Cognitive Planning in the Rat (M7)

Planning / model-free

Rate: model-based > model-free
evidence in brain to support model-based learning

--
Escaping Groundhog Day (M55)

ground: consistent; figure: varies
environment -> reset? -> agent

--
Quickly Learning to Make Good Decisions

PAC POMDP: data -> method of moments of POMDP model parameters
offline policy..

--
Generalization and Exploration via Value Function Randomization

Exploration: e-greedy, UCB, Thompson sampling
In LP, UCB: max_a max_\theta theta * a
       TS:  max_a \theta * a, where \theta ~ N(.,.) <- computational tracable

Shortcomings:
  not Bayes' opt
  for large T
  UCB sensitive to the size of confidence set
  near opt

Troubling example: assortment opt

"deep exploration" - efficient RL
(planning to explore in the future ?)

--
Bootstrapping Skills (M4)

Partition and learn skills, similar to Konidaris

--
The formation of habits: a computational model mixing reinforcement and Hebbian learning (M23)

Goal-directed actions VS Habits (basal ganglia)

--
What limits performance in decision making?

Assumptions:
  Noise in the brain
  subopt inference, variablity in the sensory

Noises in the brain are not very effective.

--
Reinforcement learning objectives constrain the cognitive map (M43)

successor representation (reward then discount)
cell level expoential decay firing rate

--
 Learning Dynamic Locomotion Skills for Terrains with Obstacles (M15)

dog jumping, close to out motion model
value / policy estimation in continuous domain using kernel function (using neighbors)

--
Mechanism design as a toolbox for alignment of reward

Each agent reports state, machanism designs A and R.

--
Reachability and Learning for Hybrid Systems

Safe / unsafe states. dynamic control: transition.
Connection with target reaching in Dana's lab.

--
Direct Predictive Collaborative Control of a Prosthetic Arm (T24)

future work: control signal + prediction in context

--
The Online Discovery Problem and Its Application to Lifelong Reinforcement Learning (T3)

Unknown set of MDPs
Force exploration
  if M is novel, A = 1, explore; 0;
  otherwise, use transferred knowledge, exploit
compared with: exp first; Hierarchical multi-task

--
Reinforcement Learning in Decentralized Stochastic Control Systems with Partial History Sharing (T47)

convert multi-agent to single-agent prblem

--

